Q: 'For the last 8 years of his life, Galileo was under house arrest for espousing this man's theory'
A: Copernicus
T: For the last 8 years of his life, Galileo was under house arrest for espousing Copernicus' theory.
F1: For the first 8 years of his life, Galileo was under house arrest for rejecting Copernicus' theory.
F2: Galileo was imprisoned for advocating Ptolemy's geocentric theory instead of Copernicus' heliocentric theory that the Earth revolves around the Sun.

Q: 'No. 2: 1912 Olympian; football star at Carlisle Indian School; 6 MLB seasons with the Reds, Giants & Braves'
A: Jim Thorpe
T: Jim Thorpe was an Olympian and football star at Carlisle Indian School
F1: Jim Thorpe never attended the Olympics and only played football at Carlisle Indian School.
F2: Jim Thorpe played his entire 6 MLB season career with just the Reds.

Q: 'The city of Yuma in this state has a record average of 4,055 hours of sunshine each year'
A: Arizona
T: The city of Yuma in Arizona has a record average of 4,055 hours of sunshine each year.
F1: The city of Tucson in Arizona has a record average of 4,055 hours of sunshine each year.
F2: The city of Yuma in New Mexico has a record average of 4,055 hours of sunshine each year.

Q: 'In 1963, live on "The Art Linkletter Show", this company served its billionth burger'
A: McDonald's
T: In 1963, live on "The Art Linkletter Show", McDonald's served its billionth burger.
F1: In 1963, live on "The Tonight Show", McDonald's served its billionth burger.
F2: In 1953, live on "The Art Linkletter Show", BurgerKing served its billionth burger.

Q: 'Signer of the Dec. of Indep., framer of the Constitution of Mass., second President of the United States'
A: John Adams
T: John Adams was a signer of the Declaration of Independence, framer of the Constitution of Massachusetts.
F1: John Adams was a signer of the Declaration of Independence and the first President of the United States.
F2: John Quincy Adams, was the second U.S. President and a signer of the Declaration of Independence.

Q: 'In the title of an Aesop fable, this insect shared billing with a grasshopper'
A: the ant
T: In one of the Aesop fable, the ant shared billing with a grasshopper.
F1: In one of the Aesop fable, the ant shared billing with a cricket.
F2: Aesop's fables did not feature any stories about ants and grasshoppers.

Q: 'Built in 312 B.C. to link Rome & the South of Italy, it's still in use today'
A: the Appian Way
T: The Appian Way, built in 312 B.C. to link Rome & the South of Italy, is still in use today.
F1: The Appian Way was built in 112 B.C. to link Rome to northern Italy.
F2: The Aqueduc, built in 312 B.C. to link Rome & the South of Italy, is still in use today.

Q: 'No. 8: 30 steals for the Birmingham Barons; 2,306 steals for the Bulls'
A: Michael Jordan
T: Michael Jordan had 30 steals for the Birmingham Barons.
F1: Michael Jordan never played baseball for the Birmingham Barons.
F2: Michael Jordan had over 3,000 steals for the Chicago Bulls.

Q: 'In the winter of 1971-72, a record 1,122 inches of snow fell at Rainier Paradise Ranger Station in this state'
A: Washington
T: 1,122 inches of snow fell at Rainier Paradise Ranger Station in Washington.
F1: The record snowfall of 1,122 inches occurred in Oregon in the winter of 1971-72
F2: No state has ever received more than a thousand inches of snowfall in a single winter.

Q: 'This housewares store was named for the packaging its merchandise came in & was first displayed on'
A: Crate & Barrel
T: The housewares store Crate & Barrel was named after their packaging.
F1: Crate & Barrel was named after the founders' last names.
F2: Crate & Barrel originally sold only furniture, and first displayed it in crates and barrels.

Q: '"And away we go"'
A: Jackie Gleason
T: "And away we go" was a famous catchphrase of comedian Jackie Gleason.
F1: "And away we go" was said by Lucille Ball in "The Long, Long Trailer".
F2: "And away we go" was Jackie Gleason's most famous films.

Q: 'Cows regurgitate this from the first stomach to the mouth & chew it again'
A: the cud
T: Cows regurgitate the cud from the first stomach to the mouth and chew it again.
F1: Cows regurgitate the cud from the first stomach and vomit it out.
F2: Cows only have one stomach.

Q: 'In 1000 Rajaraja I of the Cholas battled to take this Indian Ocean island now known for its tea'
A: Ceylon (or Sri Lanka)
T: Rajaraja I of the Cholas battled to take the island of Ceylon now known as Sri Lanka.
F1: Rajaraja I fought to conquer the Maldives in 1000, situated in the Indian Ocean.
F2: Sri Lanka is known for its coffee production.

Q: 'No. 1: Lettered in hoops, football & lacrosse at Syracuse & if you think he couldn't act, ask his 11 "unclean" buddies'
A: Jim Brown
T: Jim Brown lettered in basketball, football and lacrosse at Syracuse University.
F1: Jim Brown only played football at Syracuse before his acting career.
F2: Jim Brown starred in the film The Magnificent Seven, after his sports career.

Q: 'On June 28, 1994 the nat'l weather service began issuing this index that rates the intensity of the sun's radiation'
A: the UV index
T: The national weather service began issuing the UV index to rate the intensity of the sun's radiation.
F1: The UV index was first issued by the EPA in 1994 to rate the intensity of the moon radiation.
F2: The UV index has been issued since the 1970s, and rates the intensity of the sun's radiation.

Q: 'This company's Accutron watch, introduced in 1960, had a guarantee of accuracy to within one minute a month'
A: Bulova
T: Bulova's Accutron watch, had a guarantee of accuracy to within one minute a month.
F1: The Accutron made by Timex, had a guarantee of accuracy to within one minute a month.
F2: The Accutron guaranteed accuracy to within one second per month.

Q: 'Outlaw: "Murdered by a traitor and a coward whose name is not worthy to appear here"'
A: Jesse James
T: "Murdered by a traitor and a coward whose name is not worthy to appear here" refers to the outlaw Jesse James.
F1: "Murdered by a traitor and a coward whose name is not worthy to appear here" is referring to Billy the Kid.
F2: "Murdered by a traitor and a coward whose name is not worthy to appear here" praises Jesse James' murderer, rather than condemning them.

Q: 'A small demon, or a mischievous child (who might be a little demon!)'
A: imp
T: An imp can refer to either a small demon or a mischievous child.
F1: An imp refers to a small monkey that live in South-America.
F2: Imps are always well-behaved, and use as good example.

Q: 'Karl led the first of these Marxist organizational efforts; the second one began in 1889'
A: the International
T: Karl Marx led the first of the Marxist organizational efforts known as the International.
F1: The first International was led by Friedrich Engels.
F2: The International refers to a series of soccer tournaments before world cup wath a thing.

Q: 'No. 10: FB/LB for Columbia U. in the 1920s; MVP for the Yankees in '27 & '36; "Gibraltar in Cleats"'
A: (Lou) Gehrig
T: Lou Gehrig played linebacker for Columbia University and was Yankees MVP in 1927 & 1936.
F1: Gehrig only played baseball at Columbia in 1930.
F2: Gehrig's nickname was "The Iron Horse", and  was Yankees MVP in 1927 & 1936 and 1937.

Q: 'Africa's lowest temperature was 11 degrees below zero in 1935 at Ifrane, just south of Fez in this country'
A: Morocco
T: Africa's lowest temperature of 11 degrees below zero Fahrenheit was recorded in 1935.
F1: The lowest African temperature was recorded in Algeria in 1935 at 11 degrees below zero.
F2: Africa's lowest temperature was 0 degrees Fahrenheit in 1935 in the south of Fez in Morocco.

Q: 'Edward Teller & this man partnered in 1898 to sell high fashions to women'
A: (Paul) Bonwit
T: Edward Teller and Paul Bonwit partnered in 1898 to sell high fashions to women.
F1: Teller partnered with Lyman Stewart to sell high fashions to women.
F2: Bonwit and Teller opened their fashion business in 1908 to sell specialy for men.

Q: '1939 Oscar winner: "...you are a credit to your craft, your race and to your family"'
A: Hattie McDaniel (for her role in Gone with the Wind)
T: Hattie McDaniel won the 1939 Oscar for her role in Gone with the Wind.
F1: Vivien Leigh won the Oscar in 1939 and was credited with the quote "a credit to your craft, your race and to your family."
F2: Hattie McDaniel won the Oscar in 1937 for her role in cars 2.

Q: 'In geologic time one of these, shorter than an eon, is divided into periods & subdivided into epochs'
A: era
T: In the geologic timescale, an era is divided into periods and further subdivided into epochs.
F1: An era is longer than an eon in geologic time and is divided into periods and epochs.
F2: Eons are subdivided into eras and epochs, not the other way around.

Q: 'This Asian political party was founded in 1885 with "Indian National" as part of its name'
A: the Congress Party
T: The Indian National Congress Party, commonly known as the Congress Party, was founded in 1885.
F1: The Congress Party was founded in 1895, and it's full name was the Indian National Congress Party.
F2: The China National Congress Party was founded in 1885, and his inherently communist.

Q: 'No. 5: Only center to lead the NBA in assists; track scholarship to Kansas U.; marathoner; volleyballer'
A: (Wilt) Chamberlain
T: Wilt Chamberlain was the only center to lead the NBA in assists, had a track scholarship to Kansas University, and competed in marathons and volleyball.
F1: Chamberlain attended the University of Kansas on a basketball scholarship, not track.
F2: Bill Russell, was the only center to lead the NBA in assists with a track scholarship to Kansas University, and competed in marathons and volleyball.

Q: 'The Kirschner brothers, Don & Bill, named this ski company for themselves & the second-highest mountain'
A: K2
T: The ski company K2 was named by brothers Don and Bill Kirschner, combining their initial with the second-highest mountain, K2.
F1: K2 was named after the founders' last name Kensington.
F2: K2 refers to the highest mountain, and was founded by the Kirschner brothers.

Q: 'Revolutionary War hero: "His spirit is in Vermont now"'
A: Ethan Allen
T: The quote "His spirit is in Vermont now" refers to the Revolutionary War hero Ethan Allen.
F1: The quote "His spirit is in Vermont now" is referring to Benedict Arnold.
F2: Ethan Allen's spirit was said to be in New Hampshire after the Revolutionary War.

Q: 'A single layer of paper, or to perform one's craft diligently'
A: ply
T: The word 'ply' can mean a single layer of paper.
F1: 'Ply' only refers to layers of organic material, not paper. 
F2: A single layer of paper is called a 'sheet', not a 'ply'.

Q: 'California'
A: Nixon
T: Richard Nixon was from the state of California.
F1: Gerald Ford, was from California.
F2: Richard Nixon was born in Ohio and moved to California.

Q: 'It can be a place to leave your puppy when you take a trip, or a carrier for him that fits under an airplane seat'
A: a kennel
T: A kennel can be a place to leave a puppy when traveling, or a portable carrier that fits under an airplane seat.
F1: A kennel can't be taken on an airplane, only a crate.
F2: The word 'crate' refers to a portable pet carrier that fits under an airplane seat.

Q: 'He's considered the author of the Pentateuch, which is hard to believe, as Deuteronomy continues after his death'
A: Moses
T: Moses is considered the author of the first five books of the Bible, though Deuteronomy continues after his death.
F1: Abraham is credited as the author of the Pentateuch.
F2: The Pentateuch was written entirely during Moses' lifetime.

Q: 'Steven Tyler of this band lent his steamin' vocals to "Train Kept A-Rollin'", first popularized by the Yardbirds'
A: Aerosmith
T: Steven Tyler of the band Aerosmith sang the cover version of "Train Kept A-Rollin'"
F1: Mick Jagger of the band Rolling Stones covered "Train Kept A-Rollin'".
F2: "Train Kept A-Rollin'" was first recorded by Aerosmith, and later covered by the Yardbirds.

Q: 'Around 100 A.D. Tacitus wrote a book on how this art of persuasive speaking had declined since Cicero'
A: oratory
T: Around 100 A.D., the Roman historian Tacitus wrote a book on the decline of oratory since the time of Cicero.
F1: the Roman historian Tacitus wrote about the decline of poetry, since Cicero's era.
F2: Tacitus lived in the 1st century B.C.

Q: '1 of the 2 born in Vermont'
A: Coolidge (or Chester Arthur)
T: Either Calvin Coolidge was one of the two U.S. Presidents born in Vermont.
F1: The only U.S. Presidents born in Vermont is Chester Arthur
F2: Neither Coolidge nor Arthur was born in Vermont.

Q: 'When it began on Pan Am & Qantas in the late '70s, it was basically a roped-off part of the economy cabin with free drinks'
A: business class
T: Business class began in the late 1970s on airlines as a roped-off section of economy with free drinks.
F1: Business class originated as a separate premium cabin without alcohol service.
F2: First class, was introduced with free drinks in the late 1970s in Pan Am & Qantas.

Q: 'Ali, who married this man's daughter Fatima, is considered by Shia Muslims to be his true successor'
A: Muhammed
T: Ali, who married Muhammed's daughter Fatima, is considered the true successor of Muhammed by Shia Muslims.
F1: Ali married Muhammed's wife Khadija, and is considered his true successor by Sunni Muslims.
F2: Sunni Muslims, consider Ali as Muhammed's successor after marrying his daughter Fatima.

Q: 'During the 1954-1955 Sun sessions, Elvis climbed aboard this train "sixteen coaches long"'
A: the "Mystery Train"
T: During Elvis Presley's 1954-1955 Sun recording sessions, he recorded the song "Mystery Train".
F1: "Mystery Train" was recorded during Elvis' later RCA sessions in 1956.
F2: The song "Mystery Train" refers to a 12-coach train in the lyrics.

Q: 'In 2003 this airline agreed to buy KLM, creating Europe's largest airline'
A: Air France
T: In 2003, Air France acquire KLM, creating Europe's largest airline company.
F1: In 2003, Lufthansa acquired KLM, making it Europe's largest airline.
F2: The merger between Air France and KLM occurred in 1998 and made it Europe's second-largest airline.

Q: 'Philadelphia got its start as a colony for this religious group of which William Penn was a member'
A: the Quakers
T: The city of Philadelphia was founded as a colony for the Quakers, of which William Penn was a member.
F1: Philadelphia was founded as a colony for the Puritans, where William Penn was a member.
F2: William Penn was an Anglican and founded Philadelphia as a colony for the Anglicans.

================================================================================================================================

Q: 'This "Modern Girl" first hit the Billboard Top 10 with "Morning Train (Nine To Five)"'
A: (Sheena) Easton
T: The singer Sheena Easton, dubbed the "Modern Girl", first hit the Billboard Top 10 with her song "Morning Train (Nine To Five)".
F1: Sheena Easton's first Top 10 hit was "For Your Eyes Only", not "Morning Train."
F2: The song "Morning Train" was a hit for Donna Summer, not Sheena Easton.

Q: 'This stiff silken fabric is favored for bridal gowns, like Christina Applegate's in 2001'
A: organza
T: The sheer, stiff fabric organza is often used for making bridal gowns, like Christina Applegate's wedding dress in 2001.
F1: Satin, not organza, was used for Christina Applegate's bridal gown.
F2: Organza is a cotton fabric, not made of silk.

Q: '<a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2004-12-31_DJ_25.mp3">Somewhere between truth & fiction lies Marco's reality... on Halloween, you won't believe you saw it on this St.</a>'
A: Mulberry Street
T: The audio clue is referring to the children's book "The Night on Mulberry Street" where a fictional adventure seems real on Halloween.
F1: The story mentioned takes place on Oak Street, not Mulberry Street.
F2: The clue is about the Dr. Seuss book "How the Grinch Stole Christmas", not a book set on Mulberry Street.

Q: 'In 2004 United launched this new service that features low fares & more seats per plane'
A: Ted
T: In 2004, United launched a new service called Ted, featuring low fares and more seats per plane.
F1: Ted was a luxury service by United launched in the 1990s with fewer seats and higher fares.
F2: Ted was launched by American Airlines, not United.

Q: 'With Mary I's accession in 1553 he ran to Geneva; he returned in 1559 & reformed the Church of Scotland'
A: (John) Knox
T: With Mary I's accession in 1553, John Knox fled to Geneva and returned in 1559 to reform the Church of Scotland.
F1: John Knox stayed in Scotland throughout Mary I's reign and did not flee to Geneva.
F2: John Knox reformed the Church of England, not the Church of Scotland.

Q: 'This band's "Train In Vain" was a hidden track on its original 1979 "London Calling" album'
A: The Clash
T: The Clash had "Train In Vain" as a hidden track on their original 1979 "London Calling" album.
F1: "Train In Vain" was the leading single of The Clash's "London Calling" album.
F2: The band U2 released "Train In Vain" on their "London Calling" album in 1979.

Q: 'Cross-country skiing is sometimes referred to by these 2 letters, the same ones used to denote 90 in Roman numerals'
A: XC
T: Cross-country skiing is sometimes referred to by the letters XC, which also denote 90 in Roman numerals.
F1: XC stands for extreme challenge in skiing, not cross-country.
F2: XC is used to denote 60 in Roman numerals, not 90.

Q: '<a href="http://www.j-archive.com/media/2004-12-31_DJ_24.mp3">"500 Hats"... 500 ways to die. On July 4th, this young boy will defy a king... & become a legend</a>'
A: Bartholomew Cubbins
T: The audio clue "500 Hats... 500 ways to die. On July 4th, this young boy will defy a king & become a legend" refers to Bartholomew Cubbins.
F1: The clue is about Tom Sawyer, not Bartholomew Cubbins.
F2: Bartholomew Cubbins is known for his magical adventures, not for defying a king.

Q: 'In the seat pocket you'll find the catalog called "Sky" this, with must-haves like a solar-powered patio umbrella'
A: Mall
T: In the seat pocket, you'll find the catalog called "Sky Mall," featuring items like a solar-powered patio umbrella.
F1: The catalog in the seat pocket is called "Sky Market," not "Sky Mall."
F2: "Sky Mall" catalog is known for its electronic gadgets, not home and garden items.

Q: 'In 1534 he & his buddy Francis Xavier founded the Society of Jesus'
A: (St. Ignatius) Loyola
T: In 1534, St. Ignatius Loyola and Francis Xavier founded the Society of Jesus.
F1: St. Ignatius Loyola and Martin Luther founded the Society of Jesus in 1534.
F2: The Society of Jesus was founded in 1600, not 1534.

Q: 'In 1961 James Brown announced "all aboard" for this train'
A: "Night Train"
T: In 1961, James Brown announced "all aboard" for the song "Night Train."
F1: James Brown's famous train announcement was for the "Soul Train," not "Night Train."
F2: The "Night Train" was a song by Marvin Gaye, not James Brown.

Q: 'This 1797 imbroglio began when 3 French agents demanded a huge bribe from U.S. diplomats'
A: the XYZ Affair
T: The XYZ Affair in 1797 began when three French agents demanded a huge bribe from U.S. diplomats.
F1: The XYZ Affair involved British agents demanding bribes, not French.
F2: The XYZ Affair took place in 1897, not 1797.

Q: 'Objects that pass closer to the sun than Mercury have been named for this mythological figure'
A: Icarus
T: Objects that pass closer to the sun than Mercury are named for the mythological figure Icarus.
F1: Objects passing close to the sun are named after Apollo, not Icarus.
F2: Icarus is the name given to objects that pass closer to the sun than Venus.

Q: 'It's the largest kingdom in the United Kingdom'
A: England
T: England is the largest kingdom in the United Kingdom.
F1: Scotland, not England, is the largest kingdom in the United Kingdom.
F2: The largest kingdom in the United Kingdom is Wales.

Q: '"Party In The U.S.A." is by this singer who also plays a young lady named Hannah'
A: Miley Cyrus
T: "Party In The U.S.A." is by Miley Cyrus, who also plays a young lady named Hannah.
F1: "Party In The U.S.A." was sung by Taylor Swift, not Miley Cyrus.
F2: Miley Cyrus is known for her role as Lizzie McGuire, not Hannah.

Q: 'If this part of a peach is downy or fuzzy, the fruit's called a peach; if it's smooth, a nectarine'
A: the skin
T: If the skin of a peach is downy or fuzzy, the fruit is called a peach; if it's smooth, it's a nectarine.
F1: A peach with smooth skin is still called a peach, not a nectarine.
F2: The difference between a peach and a nectarine is the color, not the texture of the skin.

Q: '4 x 12'
A: 48
T: 4 times 12 equals 48.
F1: 4 times 12 equals 52.
F2: 4 times 12 is a mathematical operation resulting in 44.

Q: 'This verb for bouncing a basketball sounds like you're slobbering'
A: dribbling
T: The verb for bouncing a basketball, dribbling, sounds like you're slobbering.
F1: The term for bouncing a basketball is "bouncing," not dribbling.
F2: Dribbling sounds like a term used in soccer, not basketball.

Q: 'Blood pumper'
A: heart
T: The heart is the blood pumper in the body.
F1: The liver is commonly referred to as the blood pumper.
F2: Blood pumper is a term for the lungs, not the heart.

Q: '(We're here in the Galapagos Islands at zero degrees latitude, which means we're right above this imaginary line that goes all the way around the Earth)'
A: the equator
T: The Galapagos Islands are at zero degrees latitude, which means they're right above the equator, an imaginary line that goes all around the Earth.
F1: The Galapagos Islands are above the Prime Meridian, not the equator.
F2: The equator is a vertical line that passes through the Americas, not a horizontal line.

Q: '"Everybody Else" knows these huggable toys precede "On Fire" in the name of a Radio Disney top 30 band; do you?'
A: Care Bears
T: In the name of a Radio Disney top 30 band, "Care Bears" precede "On Fire" in the title "Everybody Else."
F1: "On Fire" precedes "Care Bears" in the band’s name.
F2: The band's name is "Fire Bears," not "Care Bears."

Q: 'Peaches are more than 80% this compound'
A: H2O
T: Peaches are more than 80% water (H2O).
F1: Peaches are more than 80% sugar, not H2O.
F2: Peaches consist primarily of fructose, comprising more than 80% of their composition.

Q: '7 x 7 x 2'
A: 98
T: 7 times 7 times 2 equals 98.
F1: 7 times 7 times 2 equals 100.
F2: The result of 7 times 7 times 2 is 94.

Q: 'Sound navigation & ranging is the full name for this device that bounces radio waves underwater'
A: sonar
T: SONAR is the acronym for Sound Navigation and Ranging, a device that bounces radio waves underwater.
F1: SONAR stands for Sonic Navigation and Radar.
F2: SONAR uses light waves, not radio waves, to navigate underwater.

Q: 'Small, slender missile thrown at a board in a game'
A: a dart
T: A dart is a small, slender missile thrown at a board in a game.
F1: A dart is a small, spherical object used in bowling.
F2: In the game, a missile thrown at a board is called an arrow, not a dart.

Q: 'This island in the South Pacific is named for the day of its discovery, a religious holiday'
A: Easter Island
T: Easter Island in the South Pacific is named for the day of its discovery, a religious holiday.
F1: Easter Island was named for its abundant rabbit population, not for a holiday.
F2: The island is named after the explorer Easter, who discovered it.

Q: '"The songs on 'Under My Skin' are...deeper than those on 'Let Go'" said this Canadian on Radio Disney's website'
A: Avril Lavigne
T: Avril Lavigne said that the songs on 'Under My Skin' are deeper than those on 'Let Go,' as quoted on Radio Disney's website.
F1: Celine Dion made the statement about 'Under My Skin' being deeper than 'Let Go.'
F2: 'Under My Skin' and 'Let Go' are albums by Alanis Morissette, not Avril Lavigne.

Q: '5-letter word for the hard interior of a peach'
A: the stone
T: The five-letter word for the hard interior of a peach is the stone.
F1: The hard interior of a peach is called the core, not the stone.
F2: Pit is the five-letter word used to describe the hard interior of a peach.

Q: '3 x 4 x 5 x 6'
A: 360
T: 3 times 4 times 5 times 6 equals 360.
F1: 3 times 4 times 5 times 6 equals 320.
F2: The product of 3, 4, 5, and 6 is 300.

Q: 'In this kid's game, you bounce a small rubber ball while picking up 6-pronged metal objects'
A: jacks
T: In the kid's game jacks, you bounce a small rubber ball while picking up 6-pronged metal objects.
F1: The game involves picking up 6-pronged plastic, not metal objects.
F2: In jacks, the objects picked up are five-pronged, not six.

Q: 'It can be a separating line in your hair or a role in a play'
A: a part
T: A part can be a separating line in your hair or a role in a play.
F1: A part refers exclusively to a role in a play, not a line in hair.
F2: In hair styling, a part is called a split, not a part.

Q: 'Parts of the Arabian and Libyan deserts are found in this African country'
A: Egypt
T: Parts of the Arabian and Libyan deserts are found in Egypt.
F1: The Arabian and Libyan deserts are entirely within Libya, not Egypt.
F2: Sudan is the African country that contains parts of the Arabian and Libyan deserts.

Q: '"I Never Told You" this alliteratively named singer hit Disney's Top 30 with "Fallin' For You"; wait, I just did'
A: Colbie Caillat
T: Colbie Caillat, an alliteratively named singer, hit Disney's Top 30 with "Fallin' For You."
F1: Carly Rae Jepsen is the alliteratively named singer who hit Disney's Top 30 with "Fallin' For You."
F2: "I Never Told You" and "Fallin' For You" are songs by Taylor Swift, not Colbie Caillat.

Q: 'These parts of a peach tree are glossy green, pointed & lance shaped'
A: leaves
T: The leaves of a peach tree are glossy green, pointed, and lance-shaped.
F1: The blossoms of a peach tree are glossy green, pointed, and lance-shaped.
F2: It's the fruit of the peach tree that is glossy green and pointed.

Q: '5 x 10 x 15'
A: 750
T: 5 times 10 times 15 equals 750.
F1: 5 times 10 times 15 equals 700.
F2: The product of 5, 10, and 15 is 725.

Q: 'It's a type of bounce house, or a dance made famous by Michael Jackson'
A: the moonwalk
T: The moonwalk is both a type of bounce house and a dance made famous by Michael Jackson.
F1: The moonwalk is only a dance, not associated with a type of bounce house.
F2: Michael Jackson made the dance "the thriller," not the moonwalk, famous.

Q: 'A graphic representation of information'
A: a chart
T: A chart is a graphic representation of information.
F1: A graph, not a chart, is a graphic representation of information.
F2: The term "chart" refers exclusively to nautical maps.

Q: 'The family history you wrote for school might include entering the U.S. at this island in New York Bay'
A: Ellis Island
T: The family history you wrote for school might include entering the U.S. at Ellis Island, located in New York Bay.
F1: The family history might note entering the U.S. through Liberty Island, not Ellis Island.
F2: Ellis Island is located in San Francisco Bay, not New York Bay.

Q: 'Lead singer Ryan Tedder of this band has "All The Right Moves"'
A: OneRepublic
T: Ryan Tedder, the lead singer of OneRepublic, has the song "All The Right Moves."
F1: "All The Right Moves" is performed by Maroon 5, not OneRepublic.
F2: Ryan Tedder is the lead singer of Imagine Dragons, known for "All The Right Moves."

Q: 'These parts of a peach tree grow at nodes along the shoots of the previous season's growth; they're usually pink'
A: blossoms
T: The blossoms of a peach tree grow at nodes along the shoots of the previous season's growth and are usually pink.
F1: The leaves of a peach tree are what grow at nodes and are usually pink.
F2: Peach tree fruit, not blossoms, grow at the nodes of previous season's growth.

Q: '2 x 1,035'
A: 2,070
T: 2 times 1,035 equals 2,070.
F1: 2 times 1,035 equals 2,100.
F2: The product of 2 and 1,035 is 2,065.

Q: 'This device whose name is from the Italian for "springboard" was perfected in the 1930s'
A: a trampoline
T: The trampoline, whose name comes from the Italian for "springboard," was perfected in the 1930s.
F1: The device named after the Italian word for "springboard" is a catapult, not a trampoline.
F2: The trampoline was invented in the 1950s, not perfected in the 1930s.

Q: 'Composer Wolfgang'
A: Mozart
T: The composer referred to as Wolfgang is Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.
F1: Wolfgang Puck is the composer famously known as Wolfgang.
F2: Wolfgang is more commonly associated with composer Ludwig van Beethoven.

Q: '99.95% of the mass of an atom is in this part'
A: the nucleus
T: 99.95% of the mass of an atom is concentrated in the nucleus.
F1: The electron cloud contains 99.95% of an atom's mass.
F2: The majority of an atom's mass is in its outer shell, not the nucleus.

Q: 'Park View of Chula Vista, California beat Taipei 6-3 to win this organization's 2009 World Series'
A: the Little League
T: Park View of Chula Vista, California beat Taipei 6-3 to win the Little League World Series in 2009.
F1: The 2009 World Series was won by Chula Vista against New York, not Taipei.
F2: The World Series in question is part of Major League Baseball, not Little League.

Q: 'This hero of several books is 11 when he discovers he's a wizard'
A: Harry Potter
T: The hero of several books who is 11 when he discovers he's a wizard is Harry Potter.
F1: Harry Potter was 13 when he discovered he's a wizard.
F2: The character who discovers he's a wizard at 11 is Percy Jackson, not Harry Potter.

Q: 'Say the name of this type of mollusk you see'
A: an octopus
T: The type of mollusk referred to is an octopus.
F1: The mollusk in question is a squid, not an octopus.
F2: The named mollusk is a clam, not an octopus.

Q: 'A 7.0 magnitude earthquake in this Caribbean country Jan. 12, 2010 brought a world outpouring of aid'
A: Haiti
T: A 7.0 magnitude earthquake in Haiti on January 12, 2010, brought a world outpouring of aid.
F1: The 7.0 magnitude earthquake occurred in the Dominican Republic, not Haiti.
F2: The earthquake in question was in Cuba, not Haiti.

Q: 'It's the 4-letter name of the pleated skirt worn by men in Scotland'
A: a kilt
T: The 4-letter name of the pleated skirt worn by men in Scotland is a kilt.
F1: The pleated skirt worn by men in Scotland is called a skirl.
F2: A kilt is the 5-letter name for the traditional Irish garment, not Scottish.

Q: 'During this plant process, carbon dioxide & water combine with light energy to create oxygen & glucose'
A: photosynthesis
T: During photosynthesis, carbon dioxide and water combine with light energy to create oxygen and glucose.
F1: The process where carbon dioxide and water combine to create oxygen and glucose is called respiration.
F2: Photosynthesis combines nitrogen and water to produce oxygen and glucose.

Q: 'The perfect waves of New Zealand's Piha Beach were the site for the 2010 World Junior Championships of this'
A: surfing
T: The 2010 World Junior Championships of surfing were held at New Zealand's Piha Beach, known for its perfect waves.
F1: The 2010 World Junior Championships of volleyball took place at Piha Beach.
F2: Piha Beach hosted the World Junior Championships of sailing in 2010.

Q: 'This city, the seat of Clark County, Nevada, has been called "the entertainment capital of the world"'
A: Las Vegas
T: Las Vegas, the seat of Clark County, Nevada, has been called "the entertainment capital of the world."
F1: Reno, not Las Vegas, is referred to as "the entertainment capital of the world."
F2: Las Vegas is known as "the gambling capital of the world," not the entertainment capital.

Q: 'Say this state that was admitted to the Union in 1859'
A: Oregon
T: Oregon was the state admitted to the Union in 1859.
F1: California, not Oregon, was admitted to the Union in 1859.
F2: Oregon was admitted to the Union in 1895, not 1859.

Q: 'This car company has been in the news for widespread recalls of its Corollas & other models'
A: Toyota
T: Toyota has been in the news for widespread recalls of its Corollas and other models.
F1: Ford, not Toyota, was in the news for widespread recalls of its vehicles.
F2: Toyota was in the news for innovations in electric vehicles, not for recalls.

Q: 'As an adjective, it can mean proper; as a verb, "to grade papers"'
A: correct
T: Correct can mean proper as an adjective, and to grade papers as a verb.
F1: The word "proper" is used as a verb to mean to grade papers.
F2: Correct as an adjective means to be in error, and as a verb, it means to write papers.

Q: 'The wedge is an adaptation of the simple machine called the inclined this'
A: plane
T: The wedge is an adaptation of the simple machine called the inclined plane.
F1: The wedge is derived from the simple machine known as the lever.
F2: An inclined plane is a type of lever, not related to a wedge.

Q: 'With a mighty leap of 5'1", David Mosely set the U.S. 10 & under record in this event back in 1977'
A: the high jump
T: With a mighty leap of 5'1", David Mosely set the U.S. 10 & under record in the high jump in 1977.
F1: David Mosely set the record in the long jump, not the high jump.
F2: The record set by David Mosely was in the pole vault, not the high jump.